wasn't one of the fascinating parts of
the story is what happened in Mexico
City so seven weeks before the
assassination I'll put in quotation
marks
Oswald goes to Mexico City the the CIA
has staked out both the Cuban and the
Soviet embassies as well as maybe some
other embassies there that will just
maybe other embassies but at least those
two because those have been Declassified
now and the CIA has both tapped the
telephones not all of the telephones
there and there's some time misleading
statements about that but they had
tapped some of the telephones to the
Cuban and Soviet embassy not all of them
and they also had photo surveillance so
in theory anyone going in or out of the
embassy would be someone going into the
embassy would be photographed probably
the back of the head coming out of the
embassy they would get the photograph
from the front of the head a front from
the from the face so Oswald I think went
in or out of the Cuban and Soviet
embassies seven times I think don't
quote me on that I think about seven
times in so in theory the CIA would have
fourteen photographs of Oswald seven in
his back and seven of his front or if
it's five and ten you get the I get the
idea after the assassination CIA was
aware that there was somebody claiming
to be Ostwald going to the Soviet and
Cuban embassies and I'll say something
else about that and so CIA was asked to
send photograph of Oswald after the
assassination I talked with the woman
who sent the photograph her name is Anne
Goodpasture she also has passed away
since this time and she said she was
very opposed to sending this photographs
because she said she didn't know whether
it was Oswald or not in the photograph
if you look at the photograph it looks
to me like what I would say a Ukrainian
sailor nothing that looks anything like
Oswalt so there should have been in
theory fourteen one of the things I
wanted to find out was what was going on
with the photo surveillance so I got all
of the original records from photo
surveillance to see what is going on CIA
had said well it wasn't working during
the part of the time that Oswald was
there so I looked at their monthly
report and in in octo
son I'm recalling something like October
30th this is before the assassination
they filed their monthly report with
headquarters they didn't say anything
about photo surveillance not working it
was only after the assassination that
they said it wasn't working a story that
I found not to be entirely credible
there's also the very curious story of
the the taping of Oswald so there's a
CIA again has conducting wiretaps and
what CIA would do and this is an good
pastor again became the source of this
CIA would have the large reel-to-reel
tapes where they would record all
conversations going in and out of the
Soviet and Cuban embassies on those
lines that they had tapped then they
would go back and listen to them and
anything well I don't want to get ahead
of myself there so they're conducting
this after the assassination the CIA is
asked please let us hear these tape
recordings of Oswald calling the Soviet
embassy and the CIA said those tapes had
been routinely erased so we don't have
them we don't have them so we don't know
if it's all welds voice of this person
so we don't have the tapes anymore well
on November 23rd 1963 the day after the
assassination we do have this recording
of President Johnson and J Edgar Hoover
whom Johnson called Edgar so there is
this recording and Johnson says what is
this what is this business about Oswald
in Mexico City and Hoover says that's
something we don't understand we have up
here the tape and it's not Oswald's
voice so this tape existed after the
assassination not routinely erased so I
asked and Goodpasture about this what
about this tape and she said oh yes the
reel-to-reel tapes were erased but when
we found something of operational
interest then would make one of those
small tapes and she said she had that
tape in her hand she gave it to the CIA
chief of station Wynn Scott and he then
took it she didn't know what happened
with it after that point so now think
about this
heavy surveillance of the Soviet and
Cuban embassy a guy goes down there
claiming to be Oswald goes in and out
several times they don't have any
photographs of it they have a tape
recording of this person who claims to
be Oswald but then they lose the tape
recording and J Edgar Hoover says it's
not Oswald's voice all of this
suggesting - I think any reasonable
interpretation at least the possibility
someone is imitating Oswald in Mexico
City and CIA may not know that that
somebody's impersonating Oswald they may
not know that but they have this
information after the assassination if
it turns out you now have this not lone
nut' this crazy gunman this Marxist is
going in and out of the Soviet and Cuban
embassies under CIA surveillance and
he's including meeting with caustic off
the head of assassinations as I
mentioned CIA looks pretty inept that
they didn't do something about this so
an attempt to suppress this not because
they were involved in the assassination
but because Oswald went through their
security net which is designed to catch
things like this and they utterly failed
to do that the story is even more
involved than that but you have both
photo surveillance and electronic
surveillance oswald should have been on
it there's no evidence that in fact the
Lee Harvey Oswald accused of
assassinating the president was the
person who was picked up by CIA